As I said I demand today I will talk about
the movie that is competing for an Oscar
best animation today is not for
while not but maybe one day
but then the movie that will be
competing for the best animation Oscar
is one of the films of the bibi studios that
Ghibli studio for those who do not know is
a very famous study is practically
most famous in Japan that has done others
movies like the princess shooting trip
mononoke my friend doctor assis type
these children away without her thanks movie
you
but then and their animations are well
famous are they already competed again
in 2003 they won an Oscar with
trip from chihiro was the first was the
the only Japanese animation film that
won the Oscar
and now they will be running
only this is going to be the first time.
that the director will be present
really on the way to receiving oscar
if he wins in case it is not a
simple as bad as that
is this movie that is contesting calls
the tale of the princess with a needle
it's based on a tale of fire a lot
the oldest tale in fact of the
Japanese folklore that he is a is a tale
of 1,600 more or less, and what counts
story of a princess who is
found in bamboo stems and she
it was shining and so it was a face that
A worker who was a cutter works
bamboo he meets this princess and
He catches her and takes care of her.
Of course I 'm not a robot adam from the globe.
But then he takes them home they care.
And then you need to watch
understand the story right né
but as it is a very old set
then all animation was made based
in ancient paintings of Japan even the
classic paintings and such
so all the animation she is she is seems
that well painted yet so old me
I thought it was very beautiful indeed
the actor who does not understand art at all
So, but they're going to be running.
as best animation against how
train your dragon 2 bi river six
box brought and the sound of the deficit sorry
Do not know the name here is an Irish movie.
very cute Irish animation and
Look, I'm twisting, I do not know.
I think any of them who win
going to stay will be very valid because I
not watched Birro 6 yet but I think the
very well made animation is just that they are
different types of course or how much
done is based on something other old
fully modern understood I think
It's very different but they are not all
and today I think that everyone is
valid so then know me can
we win so it does not matter
besides the other films also already
have won awards this movie has already won
other air prizes of better
animation in others elsewhere in the
united states, then and beyond
plus the studio ghibli to a very studio
he is already very famous and it is
cool because they always did
very beautiful very beautiful animations
even just that the time they come
won the Oscar in 2003 with
trip takes the director did not take the
oscar is because he said he did not
wanted to enter a country that was
attacking iraq on f 1 then that goes
be the first time a director
It's really going on at the ceremony.
Oscar in
but it is so for those who like
follow these things so I found
interesting news but that 's it
same
i